Hilary Putnam proposes a hypothetical situation; in world c, the languages people use the same language and words as we do in this world. People believe that cats are living animals made of flesh and blood just as we believe. However, animal cats never exist in world c. All things they call ‘cats’ are robots made of silicon controlled by extraterrestrial creatures. But the robots are so sophisticated that they fool everyone including scientists. This thought experiment gives a good example. People in reality and in world c share the description of ‘cats’. Nevertheless, they refer to different kinds of objects, animals or robots. Describing a conjunction of properties is inefficient to explain the meaning of a natural kind noun. Putnam states that the description can be inaccurate as the meaning should rely on both the description and the referent. However, Putnam fails to give a thorough account for two questions: are cats robots in world c? Does ‘cats are robots’ express a truth in that situation? Putnam will probably answer ‘yes’ to both aforementioned questions. He claims, "not only will we still call them (robot cats) ‘cats’, they are cats.” He suggests the use of natural kind nouns should depend on the linguistic behaviors of the word. People in c will keep calling the robots ‘cat’ despite knowing they are not animals. If the word ‘cats’ are used to refer to the cat-like robots, then cats are robots. It is trivial whether cats are by essence furry animals made of flesh and bone. The properties of cats serve as a simple representation of what people intend to pick at. The representation does not necessarily have to be correct as seen in this case.Putnam correctly points out that the use of ‘cats’ relies on its linguistic connection with the speakers. In world c people use ‘cat’ to refer to the cat-like robots. Therefore, ‘cats are robots’ is a true statement in world c. In word c, when people utter ‘cats’ they successfully make the connection between the word ‘cats’ and the cat-like robots. Their beliefs about what cats are irrelevant provided that ‘cats’ refer to cat-like robots. Nevertheless, cats are not robots as Putnam claims. Cats are in fact living animals made of flesh and bone in our world. All competent English users use ‘cats’ to pick out the animal cats rather than robots. We do not have the same linguistic behaviors as established to connect ‘cats’ and robots. When people in actual world claim ‘cats are robots’, ‘cats’ mean the living animals. Living animals are not non-living robots made of silicone. Therefore, using in our own language, we are wrong to say ‘cats are robots’. To further discuss what constitutes the meaning of words, one has to examine referents and descriptions. In comparison, people in both worlds share the same definition of ‘cats’. They believe cats are living animals made of flesh and bone. The fact that they mean different objects suggests that the meaning cannot solely rely on description. For example, the normal description of ‘lemon’ is yellow, ball-shaped citrus fruit. If it turns out ‘lemons’ are red or cylindrical, we may still call them ‘lemon’.  Moreover, the statement ‘cats are robots’ is true in the world c but false in the actual world. The reason lies in the difference between the referents the word ‘cats’ refer. Some objects have existed in the world that later people began to refer to as ‘cats’. In world c, the initial object that people designated the name ‘cat’ was a robot cat. In the actual word, we called these animals ‘cats’. At first, a person uses ‘cat’ to designate the furry objects. Kripke called the process of fixating a name on its referent as “initial baptism” . After a period of time, ‘cats’ become the designator for a category. The objects that ‘cats’ refer share some characteristics that can be grouped to be one kind. In short, the referent of ‘cats’ determines the meaning of ‘cat’. The initial baptism of ‘cats’ determines whether the meaning of ‘cats’ connects to either animals or robots. Despite that we use the same word form in reality and in world c, we actually mean different objects. In world c, ‘cats are robots’ is true because ‘cats’ has been used to refer to robot cats. But how they differ from the real world is that the cause of the initial usage of ‘cats’. The ‘cats’ in the actual world, regardless of what situation we talked about, cats can never be robots because of the difference in the initial baptism. To conclude, the meaning of natural kind nouns is hard to capture. However, Putnam’s imagined situation of robot cats is able to separate the description and the referent of ‘cats’. He argues that description can fail to serve as the meaning of a word because the description may change over time. As Putman points out, the referents of words and the linguistic behaviors can never be ignored. 